# Changelog

## Version 1.2.0 - Implement More Report Options (01 January 2021)

This version implements two more options to the report function:

```cli
# clears file produced by the '--save' flag
weather report --reset
# read all stored weather reports
weather report --read
```

Note that this release also fixes a bug which rendered access to resource files,
and by extension the whole application, useless.

## Version 1.1.0 - Storing Weather Reports (29 January 2021)

This version adds more refined log-related methods to the CLI:

```cli
# view log help page
weather log --help
```

It also adds a new `--save / --no-save` flag for keeping track of weather reports
that can be later used to examine change in temperature over a specific period of
time:

```cli
weather report --location=tokyo --save
```

Note that stored weather reports use SI units everywhere. This behavior *cannot*
be overwritten with the `--unit-system=imperial` option. You've to convert these
units yourself after the report is generated if you want to use an another unit
system. This prevents you from accidentally mixing up unit systems during the report
generation.

```cli
# access file
weather report --path
```

## Version 1.0.2 - Miscellaneous Changes (28 January 2021)

Improved error handling, reformatted the `--read-log` method, set log level to `DEBUG`
and added a spinner to the weather report generation.

## Version 1.0.1 - Improved Project Architecture (26 January 2021)

This patch uses the new template structure from [Advanced Systems](https://github.com/Advanced-Systems)
to resolve namespace collisions with other projects generated by the `cli-template`
repository. It also creates a log file in the user's home directory for bug reports.

## Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release (22 January 2021)

First major release that's built with python 3.8.3 and tested on Windows 10 and
Ubuntu (Linux). File bug reports on GitHub or send a mail to <dev.hentai-chan@outlook.com>.
